
You stand over the shadowy creature's body, watching dully as it crackles and
fizzes, evaporating and disintegrating slowly.
You're not sure what that was. You're not sure you care at this point.
Everything hurts. Every part of your being throbs with pain and exhaustion.

Filtering out the screams in your head that demand rest, you soon start walking
again, following a light breeze coming from a hallway not far from where you 
are.

Confident that there is nothing else around to hinder you for the time being,
you drop your guns, unable to take their weight anymore anyway. Every step
is like wading through acid now, but you brace yourself against the pain and 
keep moving.

The hallway seems to go on for miles, but finally you make it out to a large 
balcony, overlooking the wasteland bellow.

The strong wind threatens to pluck you away, but you stand firm. You did not 
brave hell on earth to be killed by a breeze.
Grabbing hold of the half rusted railing you gaze out into the broken landscape
sprawled before you, with all of it's wretched, twisted horror.
Comets flicker with burning fury, breaking through the heavy black and red 
clouds, crashing into the burnt remains of what was once Earth. Herds of 
hellish beasts run and roam and scream and squeal. Shattered cities lie in 
massive piles of ruin, scorched brick and melted metal, not one building 
remains.
Not one, but this.

You gaze at this scenery, maybe the last human left alive. If you can even be 
called that at this point. You gaze out into this world at twilight, this, the
world's last culminative breath -
And you smile.
This Hellbourn vista makes you feel... Sated.
Things are as they should be, whispers a corrupt voice in your head, this is 
right, and should be so.

You head back into the hallway and sit, leaning on the cold wall.
From bellow, you hear screeching sounds, roars and gunfire. Instinctively you 
know that whatever creatures remain in the tower are now making their way up,
towards you, to avenge their master.

No, he wasn't their master. He was the very spirit of this building
personified. Somehow, you know this now.
You also know that surely, you cannot survive this final onslaught; but you
also feel that is was worth it. Just to gaze at the dying world from on high,
it was worth it, and what little remains of your soul is now calm.

You hear them climb en mass, and you are tempted to close your tired eyes, 
let the pain from the cracked and broken bones in your body overpower you 
and send you into a proper coma.

But you rise. Standing unsteadily on your two shaky legs, You pick up your 
weapons and face the staircase, listening to the sounds of the monstrous horde
get louder and louder -
You steel yourself,
And wait.